because the stabilization is in the body
I all right welcome back to another
installment of Roberts raw footage we
apologize for the break but it's been a
busy quarter here today we're back and
we're going to do a backpacking exercise
with the new think tank streetwalker
backpack I've been talking about on the
blog now this is actually a fairly slim
backpack as far as profile goes it's got
pretty rugged harness as you would
expect from think tank with the
reinforcement felt so I'll be good for a
lot of equipment we open it up inside
we're going to find this annoying insert
which I decided to leave in here because
I need to mention that inside it you
will find these straps and I want to
untape these straps and we're going to
come back to those here in just a bit so
i'm going to set those off to the side
with this brochure now it's a fairly
roomy backpack as you can see and it
claims on their site to be able to
support a semi pro level camera like the
canon 50d with a 70 to 200 attached so I
got that just here now I found to get
that in this insert and this one well
once you get those out the cannon does
in fact comfortably slide right in there
as they promised there's a little extra
space here imagining to probably put a
grip in it if you had one now at the
space we've got here you want to pack in
EF 50mm eater 14 because 50 millimeter
Prime's are kind of nice we've got an
EFS 60 millimeter macro and to
complement the 70-200 we're going to use
a 24 to 70 it's going to slide in there
just nicely now this space here I want
to remove an insert song again because I
want to fit to 580 ex2 s in there benim
L shape you can put 1 this way and
another one this way fit in there quite
comfortably this little bag is the rain
cover for at night kind of like carrying
those around so I'm going to leave it
packed in there
now we're going to close this up
although you have space here for filters
batteries what have you we're going to
go ahead and sip this up and look at the
outside of it now good sub but there it
all goes got a front pocket plenty of
space various card holders pain holders
got a little clip here we're actually
going to attach card wallet in there put
through the loop now your card wallet
aren't going to lose it we flipping
things around traditional crumpler
bottle opener has to slide in there to
never go anywhere without it let's close
up you got pockets on the side we got
suppression gusset I can get a
flashlight into one little speaker here
it's nicely in the other you can put a
bottle in just and underneath those you
have even more pocket space here for
random small items bits now this front
pocket is actually designed to be a foot
which means it can hold something like a
like this enduro monopod here in the MC
14 carbon fiber the foots going to slide
in there now you can probably carry it
around like that but if you want extra
safety for this you need to use a strap
to tighten this top part down that's
where these straps i took out earlier
come into play now they got little hooks
to see here and there's little flecks
here here and run the hook through and
the same way on the other side you have
an adjustable strap here so if i'm
carrying a monopod i can unclip this
put the foot in adjust my strap with a
little lever pull it tight and we're
your desk my strap now that monopod is
not going to go anywhere now you're not
a monopod sort if you prefer something a
bit more full function buying Stanford a
tripod we have an enduro a 0 13 here
with a DM 0 1 head on it now this will
also fit but instead of going into the
foot pocket there's a little flaps here
for this other strap we're just going to
hook this through like we did the other
side here we got another one it's upside
down actually I got another we're going
to hook through the air graphics this
would be great for once again these are
just going to adjust correct this one
just adjust out we're going to lay this
across I want to adjust the top one
first because I want to make sure it
supports this head fits right underneath
here for safety sake we're going to
tighten that down then I want to swing
this around tighten it down onto the
legs now got a full-size tripod ready to
go with you anywhere you want you go
the double strokes future harnesses now
you can carry quite a large semi
professional kit around with you on the
job going to carry it on the backs going
to review strain on the shoulders so
thank you for joining us and we'll see
you again soon on Roberts raw footage